readme.md, before:

# Python Dojo + Projects
Compilation of Python projects.

## [Data Science & Machine Learning Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/17.Machine%20Learning%20and%20Data%20Science)
Projects include analyzing [fifa 2019 football players dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/karangadiya/fifa19) and making visualizations to help business decision making and Machine Learning project for [Iris flowers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iris_flower_data_set) [dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/uciml/iris)

### Built with
+ [NumPy](https://numpy.org/) - package for scientific computing with Python
+ [pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) - fast, powerful, flexible and easy to use open source data analysis and manipulation tool
+ [scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) - Simple and efficient tools for predictive data analysis
+ [Matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/) - a comprehensive library for creating static, animated, and interactive visualizations in Python
+ [seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/) - statistical data visualization
+ [Bokeh ](https://docs.bokeh.org/en/latest/index.html) - interactive visualization library for modern web browsers
+ [Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/) - Notebook system for data analysis
+ [kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/) - Source of Dataset collections



## [ML - Smarty Brain Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/17.Machine%20Learning%20and%20Data%20Science/ML_SmartyBrain_Project)
Simple Image prediction project using ImageAI.

### Built with
+ [ImageAI](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAI) - library that allows to build applications and systems with self-contained Deep Learning and Computer Vision capabilities
+ [SqueezeNet Model](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAI/blob/master/imageai/Prediction/README.md)



## [Password Checker Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/13.Scripting%20with%20Python)
A very useful Password checker project where you can check whether your password has been leaked or not before using haveibeenpwned API. You can take preventive measures based on the results.
### Built with
+ [requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests)
+ [haveibeenpwned API](https://haveibeenpwned.com/API/v2)
+ [hash password generator](https://passwordsgenerator.net/sha1-hash-generator/)
+ [hashlib](https://docs.python.org/3/library/hashlib.html)

## [Image Processing Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/13.Scripting%20with%20Python)
A simple image processing project which convert jpg to png format images based on user's input.
### Built with
+ [pillow](https://python-pillow.org/)

## [PDF Processing Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/13.Scripting%20with%20Python)
PDF processing project which merge multiple pdf files, watermark the pdf files, etc.
### Built with
+ [PyPDF2](https://pythonhosted.org/PyPDF2/)

## [Email Sender Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/13.Scripting%20with%20Python)
Email Sender project for sending out email automatically, using gmail host.
### Built with
+ [smtplib](https://docs.python.org/3/library/email.examples.html)
+ [pathlib](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pathlib.html)

## [Twitter Bot Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/13.Scripting%20with%20Python)
Twitter bot project for getting home timelines tweet, following back followers, like the specific searched result tweets, etc
### Built with
+ [Twitter API](http://docs.tweepy.org/en/latest/getting_started.html)
+ [Tweepy](https://www.tweepy.org/) - Python library for accessing the Twitter API.

## [Twilio SMS Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/13.Scripting%20with%20Python)
SMS project for sending sms by using Twilio.
### Built with
+ [Twilio](https://www.twilio.com/)	

## [Web Scraping Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/14.Web%20Scraping)
Web Scraping the Hacker News website for customed filtered and consolidated news by using Beautiful Soup.
### Built with
+ [requests](https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/master/)
+ [Beautiful Soup](https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/bs4/doc/)
+ [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/news)

## [Flask App - Web Development Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/15.Web%20Development%20with%20Python)
Portfolio app using Flask web framework.
### Built with
+ [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/) - Python Web framework

## [Automation Testing with Selenium](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/16.Automation%20Testing)
Automation Testing with Selenium using chrome driver.
### Built with
+ [Selenium](https://selenium-python.readthedocs.io/) - Selenium WebDriver
+ [Chrome Driver](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/downloads)
+ [Selenium Easy](https://www.seleniumeasy.com/test/) - testing ground for Selenium

## [API HTTP Request](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/API%20HTTP%20Request)
A simple API requsest project to demostrate making requests and processing responses.
### Built with
+ [urllib3](https://urllib3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
+ json

## [JSON with Python](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/JSON%20with%20Python)
A simple python project to demostrate read and process JSON files.
### Built with
+ json

## [Python DB-API](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/Python%20DB-API)
Python projects for connecting various databases such as PostgreSQL, SQLite to connect, query and process information.
   + Python with SQL Lite
   + Python with PostgreSQL with Vagrant set up
### Built with
+ Vagrant
+ [psycopg2](https://www.psycopg.org/docs/index.html) : database adapter
+ [sqlite3](https://docs.python.org/3/library/sqlite3.html)

## [Collection of Python Mini Projects](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/Python%20Mini%20Projects)
+ Magic 8 balls : seek out your future
+ Guessing Game: train your guessing muscle
+ Your Weight on different planets : curious how much you gonna weight on different planets?
-------------------
# Python Bootcamp Courses
### Complete Python Bootcamp - JP
   + MyFirstNoteBook
   + DVDRental Notebook
   + misc python files
     
### Complete Python Developer - Zero to Mastery - AN
   + 01.Python Basics
   + 02.Python Basics II
   + 03.Advanced Python Object Oriented Programming
   + 04.Advanced Python Functional Programming
   + 05.Advanced Python Decorators
   + 06.Advanced Python Error Handling
   + 07.Advanced Python Generators
   + 08.Modules In Python
   + 09.Debugging In Python
   + 10.File IO
   + 11.Regular Expressions
   + 12.Testing
   + 13.Scripting with Python
		+ Password Checker Project
			+ [requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests)
			+ [haveibeenpwned API](https://haveibeenpwned.com/API/v2)
			+ [hash password generator](https://passwordsgenerator.net/sha1-hash-generator/)
			+ [hashlib](https://docs.python.org/3/library/hashlib.html)
		+ Image Processing Project
			+ [pillow](https://python-pillow.org/)
		+ PDF Processing Project
			+ [PyPDF2](https://pythonhosted.org/PyPDF2/)
		+ Email Project
			+ [smtplib](https://docs.python.org/3/library/email.examples.html)
			+ [pathlib](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pathlib.html)
		+ Twitter Bot Project
			+ [Twitter API](http://docs.tweepy.org/en/latest/getting_started.html)
			+ [Tweepy](https://www.tweepy.org/) - Python library for accessing the Twitter API.
		+ Twilio SMS Project
			+ [Twilio](https://www.twilio.com/)
   + 14.Web Scraping
		+ HackerNews Scraping Project
			+ [requests](https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/master/)
			+ [Beautiful Soup](https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/bs4/doc/)
			+ [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/news)
   + 15.Flask App - Web Development with Python for Portfolio app
		+ [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/) - Python Web framework
   + 16.Automation Testing with Selenium
		+ [Selenium](https://selenium-python.readthedocs.io/) - Selenium WebDriver
		+ [Chrome Driver](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/downloads)
		+ [Selenium Easy](https://www.seleniumeasy.com/test/) - testing ground for Selenium
   + 17.Machine Learning & Data Science Projects - FIFA players, Iris Flower, Image Prediction
		+ [NumPy](https://numpy.org/) - package for scientific computing with Python
		+ [pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) - fast, powerful, flexible and easy to use open source data analysis and manipulation tool
		+ [scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) - Simple and efficient tools for predictive data analysis
		+ [Matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/) - a comprehensive library for creating static, animated, and interactive visualizations in Python
		+ [seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/) - statistical data visualization
		+ [Bokeh ](https://docs.bokeh.org/en/latest/index.html) - interactive visualization library for modern web browsers
		+ [Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/) - Notebook system for data analysis
		+ [kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/) - Source of Dataset collections
		+ [ImageAI](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAI)
		
### Modern Python 3 Bootcamp - CS
   + 06.Numbers, Operators, and Comments
   + 07.Variables and Strings
   + 08.Boolean and Conditional Logic
   + 23.HTTP_Requests
   + 30.File IO
   + 31.01.CSV File
   + 31.02.Pickling
   + 32.Web Scraping with beautiful soup
   + 35.Python + SQL

### 100 Python Exercises Evaluate and Improve Your Skills - AS
   + Exercise 01-25
   + Exercise 26-50
   + Exercise 51-75
   + Exercise 76-100

### More Python - Microsoft
[More Python series](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlrxD0HtieHiXd-nEby-TMCoUNwhbLUnj) - great, engaging and clear style videos by Susan and Christopher
   + Lambdas
   + Classes
   + Inheritance
   + Mixins (Multiple Inheritance)
   + Managing File system
   + Working with files
   + Using with
   + Asychronous Operations

## [Core Python: Getting Started](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/getting-started-python-core)
+ Scalar Types, Operators, and Control Flow
+ Strings, Collections, and Iteration
+ Modularity
+ Objects and Types
+ Built-in Collections
+ Exceptions
+ Iteration and Iterables
+ Classes
+ File IO and Resource Managements

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

forest adventure, email slicer and lotr fellowship projects

readme.md, after:

# Python Dojo + Projects
Compilation of Python projects.

## [Data Science & Machine Learning Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/17.Machine%20Learning%20and%20Data%20Science)
Projects include analyzing [fifa 2019 football players dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/karangadiya/fifa19) and making visualizations to help business decision making and Machine Learning project for [Iris flowers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iris_flower_data_set) [dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/uciml/iris)

### Built with
+ [NumPy](https://numpy.org/) - package for scientific computing with Python
+ [pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) - fast, powerful, flexible and easy to use open source data analysis and manipulation tool
+ [scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) - Simple and efficient tools for predictive data analysis
+ [Matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/) - a comprehensive library for creating static, animated, and interactive visualizations in Python
+ [seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/) - statistical data visualization
+ [Bokeh ](https://docs.bokeh.org/en/latest/index.html) - interactive visualization library for modern web browsers
+ [Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/) - Notebook system for data analysis
+ [kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/) - Source of Dataset collections

## [ML - Smarty Brain Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/17.Machine%20Learning%20and%20Data%20Science/ML_SmartyBrain_Project)
Simple Image prediction project using ImageAI.

### Built with
+ [ImageAI](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAI) - library that allows to build applications and systems with self-contained Deep Learning and Computer Vision capabilities
+ [SqueezeNet Model](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAI/blob/master/imageai/Prediction/README.md)


## [Collection of Python Mini & Fun Projects](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/Python%20Mini%20Projects)
+ Magic 8 balls : seek out your future with these amazing power of magic.
+ Guessing Game: train your guessing muscle and challenge yourself whether you can beat the game.
+ Your Weight on different planets : curious how much you gonna weight on different planets?
+ Endless Forest Adventure Game: Embark your endless adventure walk through the forest. I dare you !
+ Email Slicer : simple email slicer to check user info.
+ LOTR Ridiculous Fellowship System: do you want to join the fellowship of the LOTR? sign up here !


## [Password Checker Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/13.Scripting%20with%20Python)
A very useful Password checker project where you can check whether your password has been leaked or not before using haveibeenpwned API. You can take preventive measures based on the results.
### Built with
+ [requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests)
+ [haveibeenpwned API](https://haveibeenpwned.com/API/v2)
+ [hash password generator](https://passwordsgenerator.net/sha1-hash-generator/)
+ [hashlib](https://docs.python.org/3/library/hashlib.html)

## [Image Processing Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/13.Scripting%20with%20Python)
A simple image processing project which convert jpg to png format images based on user's input.
### Built with
+ [pillow](https://python-pillow.org/)

## [PDF Processing Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/13.Scripting%20with%20Python)
PDF processing project which merge multiple pdf files, watermark the pdf files, etc.
### Built with
+ [PyPDF2](https://pythonhosted.org/PyPDF2/)

## [Email Sender Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/13.Scripting%20with%20Python)
Email Sender project for sending out email automatically, using gmail host.
### Built with
+ [smtplib](https://docs.python.org/3/library/email.examples.html)
+ [pathlib](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pathlib.html)

## [Twitter Bot Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/13.Scripting%20with%20Python)
Twitter bot project for getting home timelines tweet, following back followers, like the specific searched result tweets, etc
### Built with
+ [Twitter API](http://docs.tweepy.org/en/latest/getting_started.html)
+ [Tweepy](https://www.tweepy.org/) - Python library for accessing the Twitter API.

## [Twilio SMS Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/13.Scripting%20with%20Python)
SMS project for sending sms by using Twilio.
### Built with
+ [Twilio](https://www.twilio.com/)	

## [Web Scraping Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/14.Web%20Scraping)
Web Scraping the Hacker News website for customed filtered and consolidated news by using Beautiful Soup.
### Built with
+ [requests](https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/master/)
+ [Beautiful Soup](https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/bs4/doc/)
+ [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/news)

## [Flask App - Web Development Project](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/15.Web%20Development%20with%20Python)
Portfolio app using Flask web framework.
### Built with
+ [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/) - Python Web framework

## [Automation Testing with Selenium](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/03.Complete%20Python%20Developer%20-%20Zero%20to%20Mastery%20-%20AN/16.Automation%20Testing)
Automation Testing with Selenium using chrome driver.
### Built with
+ [Selenium](https://selenium-python.readthedocs.io/) - Selenium WebDriver
+ [Chrome Driver](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/downloads)
+ [Selenium Easy](https://www.seleniumeasy.com/test/) - testing ground for Selenium

## [API HTTP Request](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/API%20HTTP%20Request)
A simple API requsest project to demostrate making requests and processing responses.
### Built with
+ [urllib3](https://urllib3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
+ json

## [JSON with Python](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/JSON%20with%20Python)
A simple python project to demostrate read and process JSON files.
### Built with
+ json

## [Python DB-API](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/Python%20DB-API)
Python projects for connecting various databases such as PostgreSQL, SQLite to connect, query and process information.
   + Python with SQL Lite
   + Python with PostgreSQL with Vagrant set up
### Built with
+ Vagrant
+ [psycopg2](https://www.psycopg.org/docs/index.html) : database adapter
+ [sqlite3](https://docs.python.org/3/library/sqlite3.html)

## [Collection of Python Mini Projects](https://github.com/ptyadana/Python-Projects-Dojo/tree/master/Python%20Mini%20Projects)
+ Magic 8 balls : seek out your future
+ Guessing Game: train your guessing muscle
+ Your Weight on different planets : curious how much you gonna weight on different planets?
-------------------
# Python Bootcamp Courses
### Complete Python Bootcamp - JP
   + MyFirstNoteBook
   + DVDRental Notebook
   + misc python files
     
### Complete Python Developer - Zero to Mastery - AN
   + 01.Python Basics
   + 02.Python Basics II
   + 03.Advanced Python Object Oriented Programming
   + 04.Advanced Python Functional Programming
   + 05.Advanced Python Decorators
   + 06.Advanced Python Error Handling
   + 07.Advanced Python Generators
   + 08.Modules In Python
   + 09.Debugging In Python
   + 10.File IO
   + 11.Regular Expressions
   + 12.Testing
   + 13.Scripting with Python
		+ Password Checker Project
			+ [requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests)
			+ [haveibeenpwned API](https://haveibeenpwned.com/API/v2)
			+ [hash password generator](https://passwordsgenerator.net/sha1-hash-generator/)
			+ [hashlib](https://docs.python.org/3/library/hashlib.html)
		+ Image Processing Project
			+ [pillow](https://python-pillow.org/)
		+ PDF Processing Project
			+ [PyPDF2](https://pythonhosted.org/PyPDF2/)
		+ Email Project
			+ [smtplib](https://docs.python.org/3/library/email.examples.html)
			+ [pathlib](https://docs.python.org/3/library/pathlib.html)
		+ Twitter Bot Project
			+ [Twitter API](http://docs.tweepy.org/en/latest/getting_started.html)
			+ [Tweepy](https://www.tweepy.org/) - Python library for accessing the Twitter API.
		+ Twilio SMS Project
			+ [Twilio](https://www.twilio.com/)
   + 14.Web Scraping
		+ HackerNews Scraping Project
			+ [requests](https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/master/)
			+ [Beautiful Soup](https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/bs4/doc/)
			+ [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/news)
   + 15.Flask App - Web Development with Python for Portfolio app
		+ [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/) - Python Web framework
   + 16.Automation Testing with Selenium
		+ [Selenium](https://selenium-python.readthedocs.io/) - Selenium WebDriver
		+ [Chrome Driver](https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/downloads)
		+ [Selenium Easy](https://www.seleniumeasy.com/test/) - testing ground for Selenium
   + 17.Machine Learning & Data Science Projects - FIFA players, Iris Flower, Image Prediction
		+ [NumPy](https://numpy.org/) - package for scientific computing with Python
		+ [pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org/) - fast, powerful, flexible and easy to use open source data analysis and manipulation tool
		+ [scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) - Simple and efficient tools for predictive data analysis
		+ [Matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/) - a comprehensive library for creating static, animated, and interactive visualizations in Python
		+ [seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/) - statistical data visualization
		+ [Bokeh ](https://docs.bokeh.org/en/latest/index.html) - interactive visualization library for modern web browsers
		+ [Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/) - Notebook system for data analysis
		+ [kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/) - Source of Dataset collections
		+ [ImageAI](https://github.com/OlafenwaMoses/ImageAI)
		
### Modern Python 3 Bootcamp - CS
   + 06.Numbers, Operators, and Comments
   + 07.Variables and Strings
   + 08.Boolean and Conditional Logic
   + 23.HTTP_Requests
   + 30.File IO
   + 31.01.CSV File
   + 31.02.Pickling
   + 32.Web Scraping with beautiful soup
   + 35.Python + SQL

### 100 Python Exercises Evaluate and Improve Your Skills - AS
   + Exercise 01-25
   + Exercise 26-50
   + Exercise 51-75
   + Exercise 76-100

### More Python - Microsoft
[More Python series](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlrxD0HtieHiXd-nEby-TMCoUNwhbLUnj) - great, engaging and clear style videos by Susan and Christopher
   + Lambdas
   + Classes
   + Inheritance
   + Mixins (Multiple Inheritance)
   + Managing File system
   + Working with files
   + Using with
   + Asychronous Operations

## [Core Python: Getting Started](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/getting-started-python-core)
+ Scalar Types, Operators, and Control Flow
+ Strings, Collections, and Iteration
+ Modularity
+ Objects and Types
+ Built-in Collections
+ Exceptions
+ Iteration and Iterables
+ Classes
+ File IO and Resource Managements

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
